fix: Add basic example for how to set the current transaction (#2630)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/common/enriching-events/transaction-name.mdx

---

> title: Set transaction name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Set Transaction Name
```

sidebar_order: 2
supported:
  - javascript
  - node
  - python

> description: "Learn how to configure the SDK to capture the user and gain critical pieces of information that construct a unique identity in Sentry."
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Learn how to set or override the transaction name to capture the user and gain critical pieces of information that construct a unique identity in Sentry."
---
```
